Here are the changes that I now want you to make. I first need you to make sure that when I start a workout on SmartStart and I actually complete that for the day, it should check that off for SmartStart, but it should only do that for that one day. And then when it generates me a new SmartStart, then it should just reset everything, okay? So it should just reset everything, just reset like the checked off and everything. But the XP implementation and everything should still stay the same, obviously. Also, also currently, when I complete a mental session, it's currently not updating. So on the home page and throughout the entire website, the XP currently isn't updating, so. Whenever I complete a mental session, I need you to make sure that the XP properly updates and it properly implements the XP, implements it throughout the entire website for me. So make sure that it actually properly implements for me because that's something that's really, really important. The mental training sessions that I do should actually implement throughout the entire website for me. And then also make sure that for smart star should obviously check off, okay? And then also sometimes for smart star should, and then every time for each user, smart star should generate their own curated workout. So it shouldn't be the same workout for each person. It should just be for each user, it should just be automatically It should be automatically different for every single user. It should just shuffle through all the work, exercises, drills, etc., etc. for each user, and then it should just give them the output based on that. Then I also need you to make sure that in the leaderboard, whatever name I put, it should definitely change that around. So... It should definitely change that around for every single user throughout. So every time I change my name on my own profile, it should change on the actual leaderboard as well. So make sure whatever name I put in my own thing actually permanently saves to the leaderboard. Then I want you to go through and make sure that the streak is properly updated for the leaderboard. Triple check because it's currently not working, so I need you to make sure that the streak actually works. Then I need you to make sure that for the sidebar, wherever I leave off in the sidebar is where it should stay at. So the sidebar should just stay there. It shouldn't start at the top and then scroll to the bottom. It should just stay there. So if I click on leaderboard and then I exit out of the sidebar, as soon as I click back on the sidebar, it should just stay down there. So make sure it doesn't change there at all and it's implemented that throughout. And for Smartcric Head Coach on the sidebar, next to Smart Cric Head Coach, I want you to put yearly in the next 90-day challenge instead of Elite, I want you to put Lifetime, because those are the specific ones where they are available.
